{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Jenn <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
Subject: packages pricing\
Date: January 25, 2024 at 9:20:42 PM PST\
To: Suda <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Is it possible to have 2 tabs/sections that have the paramedical services and the other with nutrition/training? Or what would\'a0be a batter idea?
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Also since I'm offering 2 different services---should there be 2 galleries/albums with before and after photos and testimonials?
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Can I have a section where I can add free information or resources? not so much to blog but to put maybe charts, educational resources that clients can have access to as well.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf3 Services Information & pricing:
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f3\i\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Paramedical Artistry
\f1\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf3 Color Match patch test $40
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f4\i\fs36 \
Acne Scars Inkless and/or Camouflage:\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 Please send pictures or schedule a free consultation. Prices range from $125-$500. Discount given for more than 1 body part. Contact for pricing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 Needles produce micro traumas in the skin that causes your body to heal itself. It produces collagen and repairs the site causing skin lightening, tightening, circulation, reduced appearance, and texture improvement.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\fs36 \cf3 Scar Reduction & Revision:
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 Please send pictures or schedule a free consultation. Prices range from $120-$1200. Discount given for more than 1 body part. Contact for pricing. This price range includes ink and inkless services. Needles produce micro traumas in the skin that causes your body to heal itself. It produces collagen and repairs the site causing skin lightening, tightening, circulation, reduced appearance, and texture improvement.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\fs36 \cf3 Stretch Mark Collagen Induction Inkless/Camouflage 1 Body part: 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 Please send pictures or schedule a free consultation. Prices range from $300-$900. Discount given for more than 1 body part. Contact for pricing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 Needles produce micro traumas in the skin that causes your body to heal itself. It produces collagen and repairs the site causing skin lightening, tightening, circulation, reduced appearance, and texture improvement.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Nutrition & Training\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf3 Bodybuilding Competitor\'a0 nutrition, training, peak week Plans
\f2\i0 : $240 per month 8 weeks out
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 12-14 week online nutrition & training plan (non competitor): $249
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Nutrition Lifestyle plan 12-14 weeks: $155
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Sports Specific Athlete\'a0nutrition & training plan 12-14 weeks: $289
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Online\'a012-14 week training plan: $155
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis, 1 hour consultation, detox plan as pertains to results: $479
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis, 1 hour Consultation, detox plan, transition lifestyle plan, 12-14 week training plan: $687
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf3 \
Email:
\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Stepup2shapeup@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Stepup2shapeup@gmail.com}}
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs36 \cf3 Phone:
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 805-268-7565
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b\fs36 \cf3 Location:
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf3 With online nutrition\'a0& training I can serve clients from all over the world.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 Paramedical Artistry services located on 125 Union Avenue, Orcutt, CA
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf3 Payments accepted afterpay, square, venmo, paypal, zelle
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\
-- \
Sincerely,\'a0\
\
Jennifer\'a0\
Nutrition & Training Coach\
Paramedical Artist\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jstar-wellness.square.site/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Https://JStar-Wellness.square.site}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linktr.ee/sweating_glitter1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Https://linktr.ee/sweating_glitter1}}\
\
\
\
\
}