{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Jenn <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
Subject: bio/my story update\
Date: January 25, 2024 at 9:52:38 PM PST\
To: Suda <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 Why work with me:
\f1\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 Why choose Jennifer's Wellness Services?
\f1 \

\f3 Are you seeking a wellness partner who brings two decades of expertise, a commitment to continuous learning, and a personalized approach tailored to your individuality? Look no further than Jennifer's Wellness Services. Here's why working with Jennifer is an investment in your holistic well-being:\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 1. A Two-Decade Legacy:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Jennifer boasts 20 years of rich experience in the Wellness industry. Her journey has been a tapestry of growth, learning, and a deep understanding that science continually evolves. This wealth of experience ensures that your wellness journey is guided by seasoned expertise.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 2. Personalized Plans, Not Cookie-Cutter Solutions:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Recognizing that one size does not fit all, Jennifer is dedicated to crafting personalized nutrition and exercise plans. Before embarking on your wellness journey, she conducts a thorough and honest assessment, taking into account your genetics, experiences, traditions, and more. The result? A plan that aligns with your goals, needs, and lifestyle.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 3. Education and Flexibility:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Experience a wealth of education and flexibility in your wellness journey. Jennifer believes in the "why" behind your specific plan. It's not just about the exercises or nutrition; it's about understanding and adopting a plan that works for you in the long run.About me Section: \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
My Story:\

\f3 Hi & welcome to my transformative journey. I'm a passionate individual whose odyssey in the Health & Wellness industry began in the heart of New Jersey in 2004.
\f1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4. Nutrition & Exercise Expertise:
\f3\b0  Jennifer offers online nutrition plans tailored to the season you're in and the one you're heading towards. Her expertise spans working with diverse populations, including kids, pregnant individuals, athletes, and more. Fat loss sprints and a focus on daily detoxification contribute to a holistic and sustainable approach.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 Her training programs, designed for home or fitness facilities, are goal-specific and aim for adaptation, progression, and better functional movement, all while considering your unique abilities.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis Testing:
\f3\b0  Uncover the raw data of what's happening inside your body through Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis Testing. This revealing service provides insights into heavy metals, food oxidation, mineral ratios, and their connections to hormones. A must-have resource that goes beyond traditional tests.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6. Paramedical Artistry Tattooing:
\f3\b0  Explore the world of non-invasive Paramedical Artistry Tattooing, an offering that extends beyond wellness into self-confidence. Jennifer's skilled use of a rotary machine stimulates your body's natural healing processes, improving skin texture, depth, and color. This service is a game-changer for addressing stretch marks, scars, and other skin concerns.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3 Jennifer's Wellness Services is your gateway to a wellness journey that celebrates your uniqueness. Embrace education, flexibility, and results crafted just for you. Your confidence, inside and out, begins here.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\i\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul About me section: 
\f1\i0\b0 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Early Spark:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At the tender age of 16, my interest was sparked by my father's subscription to Men's Health Magazine. Together, we embraced a fitness routine, turning our garage into a makeshift gym. These shared workouts became a weekly highlight, forging a connection between health, family, and the joy of physical activity. 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Health Challenges:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Amidst this exploration, I faced a personal health challenge\'97a candida infection. Conventional solutions proved temporary, prompting me to delve deeper. A chance encounter with the "Acid & Alkaline Diet" not only cured my candida but ignited a fervor for understanding holistic health.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Early Career Steps:
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b \

\f3\b0 My journey led me to work in various gyms while obtaining my personal training certification at 18. Simultaneously, I joined the Air Force National Guard, adding a unique dimension to my career path.
\f1 \

\f3 \

\f4\b Diverse Certifications:
\f1\b0 \

\f3 \
Driven by a thirst for knowledge, I pursued certifications ranging from Kids Sports Nutrition Mentor to Zumba Instructor and Group Fitness Instructor. I added cycling instruction to my repertoire in 2009, showcasing my commitment to a multifaceted approach to wellness.
\f1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Educational Pursuits:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Completing the Dietetic Technician Registered Nutrition Program at Middlesex County College and relocating to California marked pivotal moments in my academic and professional journey. Immersed in the health supplement industry, I continued to accumulate knowledge and certifications.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Jill of Many Trades:
\f1\b0 \

\f3 \
I would say I'm a "Jill of many" in the industry. My expertise spans hormones, various exercise training modalities,gut health, athletes' nutrition, and stages of pregnancy. Recognizing the interconnectedness of mind, body, and spirit, I approach health holistically.
\f1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f4\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Innovative Services:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In 2023, I responded to high demand by adding two innovative services to my nutrition and training packages. I became a certified Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis Practitioner, collaborating with a lab to gain insights into clients' body states. Additionally, I embraced the role of a Paramedical Artist, using my skills to naturally camouflage stretch marks and scars.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 My philosophy revolves around the holistic well-being of individuals. Beauty, health, and wellness intertwine in my practice, reflecting a commitment to empowering others on their unique paths to optimal health and self-discovery.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 I continue to evolve, learn, and contribute to the well-being of those I serve, embodying the essence of a dedicated professional in the dynamic realm of Beauty & Wellness.
\f1 \

\f3 -- 
\f1 \
Sincerely,\'a0\
\
Jennifer\'a0\
Nutrition & Training Coach\
Paramedical Artist\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jstar-wellness.square.site/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Https://JStar-Wellness.square.site}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linktr.ee/sweating_glitter1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Https://linktr.ee/sweating_glitter1}}\
\
\
\
\
}