{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Jenn <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
Subject: Mission/Goals\
Date: January 25, 2024 at 10:13:33 PM PST\
To: Suda <stepup2shapeup@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Mission statement/Goals Nutrition, training, paramedical artistry:
\f1\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Mission Statement:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 At JStar Wellness LLC, my mission is to empower individuals on their journey to optimal well-being by providing personalized nutrition, training, and exercise coaching. As a dedicated Hair Tissue Mineral Analysis (HTMA) practitioner, I go beyond conventional approaches, delving into the unique needs and intricacies of each individual. In addition, I want to empower individuals through the transformative artistry of paramedical procedures, fostering confidence, and helping clients rediscover their natural beauty. I'm committed to providing personalized and compassionate services that go beyond skin-deep, catering to the unique needs and aspirations of each client.
\f1 \

\f3 My
\f4\b \'a0Approach:
\f1\b0 \

\f3 I believe in meeting you exactly where you are, recognizing that every person is in a different season of life. By understanding your goals, needs, wants, and abilities, I tailor our coaching to create a customized plan that aligns with your aspirations. Whether you're looking to enhance your physical performance, improve your overall health, or achieve a specific fitness goal, I'm here to guide you.
\f1 \

\f3 In Paramedical Artistry my approach is centered on enhancing your natural features while addressing specific concerns. With a blend of artistic expertise and paramedical precision, I strive to create a harmonious fusion of aesthetics and personal expression.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Core Health Services:
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b Personalized Nutrition Coaching:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 I analyze your unique nutritional needs prior to creating the program for you. I can also use HTMA to create a deeper, customized nutrition plan that supports your body's balance and well-being. We utilize cutting edge techniques to assess mineral imbalances in your body, offering insights to potential health improvements.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Comprehensive Training Programs:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 My exercise and training coaching are designed to meet you at your current fitness level, gradually guiding you towards your goals with personalized and effective routines.
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Paramedical Artistry:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 Additionally, as a skilled paramedical artist I specialize in stretch mark & scar rejuvenation camouflage, aiming to restore and enhance your natural beauty.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b Personalized Consultations:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 I believe in open and personalized consultations to understand your specific needs, ensuring that my services align seamlessly with your expectations.
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 Compassionate Care:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 Beyond the technical aspects of my work, I prioritize creating a caring and supportive environment, fostering a sense of confidence and empowerment in every client.
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf3 My Commitment:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 My commitment extends beyond the artistic canvas to the well-being of my clients. I aim to not only provide exceptional services in this journey towards feeling and looking your best but also to be a source of encouragement and support. My goal is not just to help you achieve short-term results but to empower you with the knowledge and tools for long-term well-being while celebrating the uniqueness that makes each of us extraordinary.
\f1 \

\f3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \

\f3 Embrace your individuality. Embrace your season. Rediscover your confidence. Embrace your beauty. Let me be your partner in achieving holistic health, wellness, renewal and self expression.
\f1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
}